https://codepen.io/RachelleDanae/pen/dyMdVwy?editors=0100


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is HTML with meaning, so tags that convey what they are doing.
2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to markup the raw material of a website and to format it to look more cohesive in a browser.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide additional info about a tag such as width or height. You put an attribute within
        the tag that you are adding information to.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used to identify the most important title or heading of a page. It should only be used once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Two tags that have required attributes would be img(src) and html(lang).
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The head is used for holding other data that is not displayed in the browser. 
7. What is an id? 
        An id is an element used to identify a unique element on the page.
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can add id to p, div, img, h1-h6, virtually any tag.
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        You can use only one unique class id per document. Example, only one Frank, Bob, George. 
        You couldn't use 2 Bobs.
10. What is a class? 
        A class is basically the same thing as an id with the exception that you can use the same 
        class name multiple times.
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Again basically any tag in the HTML.
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        As many times as you want, keeping in mind any changes you make to that class will reflect 
        across the board within each same class name.
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        After you enter the link you then add a target="blank" before closing the tag.
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        The alt tag is used for alternative text, so if the image doesn't load or if someone is using 
        a screen reader they can still know what was supposed to be displayed.
15. How do I reference an id?
        In css you do #idname then {}
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        They are the same, the only difference is section is meaningful or semantic HTML
17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used to change how the page looks, you can change every element to appear how you want it to.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class and id are the same except for you can only have one instance of each unique id name and 
        classes you can use the same name multiple times. You would use id if you wanted to change only the 
        h1 to look a certain way. You would use class if you wanted each p or section to look the same for 
        continuity. 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        To select a class in css you would do .classname{}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector is used to select all of the children of a parent. So, 
        div(parent) > p(child){color:blue;} would change the color of any p inside of a div.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div > sidebar{}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is a keyword added to a selector, like h1:hover. Hover would be the pseudo selector.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        selector{line-spacing:value}
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        selecto{letter-spacing:value}
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{border: 1px dotted black}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Use the wildcard selector *
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        <!--HTML Comment--> /*CSS Comment*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        whoami
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        dir
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm filename. you have to be careful because it won't ask for confirmation, it'll just do it.
34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control is important for collaboration work so everyone can work on a project without messing up 
        someone else's and it also shows a history so you can go back to a previous version if needed.
35. How often should I commit to github?
        Very often, the more the better.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push origin branchname
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        You fork the repo-->add collaborator(tl)-->clone the repo on your terminal-->create a branch 
        firstname-lastname-->push to the origin file firstname-lastname--> create pull request--> add tl
        as reviewer-->submit the request.
